# Calendar-Part-1
PHP Calendar assignments
This was my attempt to fulfill a class assignment with the foolowing instructions.

Exercise: PHP Calendar
Objectives:
To gain more experience in server side programming.
To get familiar with basic PHP.
Learn about the Unix timestamp.
Calendar Part I
Introduction
In all web applications, creating web pages dynamically is essential. It is very common that a website retrieves data from a database and then renders a new webpage based on that data. In this assignment, you will create a blank calendar using PHP that will be used later in assignment 2 to display upcoming events that are retrieved from a database.
Description
Your PHP code should render a calendar page similar to the html file attached. The top of the calendar states the day and time being displayed. The calendar is a table where the first column lists hours starting from the current hour to a final hour (where the final hour is the current hour + some number between 0 and 12). For example, if the time is now is 5.32pm, the first hour should read 5.00pm and the last hour is determined by a variable called hours_to_show. If hours_to_show is set at 12, then the last hour shown in the column should be 5.00am. The subsequent columns correspond to people. In the example, I have used 3 people: You may have as few as two or as many people as you like.
Directions
Start by viewing the source of the HTML file of the sample calendar to see the HTML output of the PHP file. This will give you an idea of what the output of your PHP program should be.
Be aware that the requirement is that the number of hours being displayed is set by a variable. In practice this variable will be set to 12 at the start, however, this means that the number of rows in the table cannot be assumed to be known and you cannot simply write HTML for 12 rows.
I have prepared a CSS file for you that you can use to style your calendar. You may choose to write your own CSS if you so desire. When using my CSS file please note that certain elements need to be given appropriate ids or classes. View the source on the HTML file of the sample calendar to see the HTML output of the PHP file and to see what elements need to be given class or id labels.
 Requirements
Your program should be called calendar.php and should reside in one folder along with a CSS file called calendar.css that styles it.
When your program is finished, create a text file called calendar.txt and copy and paste the contents of your calendar.php file into calendar.txt. Put calendar.txt in your  folder as well.
Your calendar must be generated by PHP script.
By default when your page is loaded it should display current day, date and time as shown in the example.
Your program must use a function called get_hour_string to get the hours for the first column of the calendar table. This function takes a single argument of a timestamp and returns a string indicating an hour. For example, the value returned might be: "8.00am".
The table is rendered by PHP the number of rows displayed is determined by a variable hours_to_show, which you may set equal to 12.
The rows should alternate in background color.
Make sure the following files are in the folder and Submit the folder as Zip file to the ZDS platform. Alternatively you can upload the files to GitHub and share the link on ZDS.
calendar.php
calendar.txt
calendar.css
